I've been depressed as of late. It feels aos though I've been running away from all of my problems. I'm in New York as of writing this, far away from home, yet my issues still haunt me. I think that I lost myself in these past few months. ***** left me, I stopped making Youtube videos, I slacked on my marathon training and barely finished, I've been doing horribly at my internship, I lost my 630 day Anki streak, and the internet has forgotten about me. Pretty much everything I care about has left me. I can't see myself in a positive light. I'm only 1% of the person I was 6 months ago, what happened? For the first time in my life, I feel depressed. My "why" is wavering, do I still care about the things that gave me all that strength? All my momentum has vanished and every habit I've worked towards is gone. I miss ***** so much but she'll never come. back to me. I don't even know why she left me. I spent all my free time watching pointless Youtube videos. I thought that I broke that habit, but it's come back full swing. I've been breaking out and I can barely look at myself in the mirror. I'm terrified of taking my mask off in public because people might see me. They'll see my skin. If they know me from my channel, they know that I failed. I was unable to keep it up, but as the haters said, I couldn't take it anymore and gave out. I feel like nothing. For some reason, my goals are still here and they've become my enemy. I want so much. My life, though, has become so complicated. There is still something deep within me, a voice screaming at the top of its lungs, "WAKE UP!! WHAT ARE YOU DOING? IS THIS THE EXTENT OF YOUR RESOLVE??" I'm too scared to listen to this voice. I want to drown it out so I listen to Youtube videos and the same songs over and over. I'm weak and I'm scared. What if I fail again. I know that I have what it takes. I believe in myself yet I doubt everything I do. "I KNOW YOU'RE A WARRIOR. NO ONE BELIEVED IN YOU, YET LOOK AT WHAT YOU DID. YOU BELIEVED IN THE ME THAT BELIEVED IN YOU. YOU HELPED PEOPLE." Why do I have to make my life so dramatic. Can't things just stay how they were. I want everything that I lost back with interest. I know I always bounce back stronger, yet this time I can't seem to find the ignition button. Believe in yourself James.
U know what James??? i've been ur regular viewer for the past 1 whole damn year and now u have ghosted all of us!! im so used to study wd u all this time that i cant help but worry about your wellbeing all the way from Pakistan lol.I cant believe i am doing this but

How have u been?
Are u alright?
u said sth came up in ur fam,is everything okay?
Are u working on ur dreams? im not┐(´д｀)┌


i read ur thoughts nd it felt too familiar lol bcuz i wrote my thoughts ,just like u did,in a diary.I had questions but i didnt have any answers but now im totally fine,not depressed anymore so i read my diary again,i found out that when we are depressed,we question even littlest of the things!! i questioned my life,my choices,my dreams,my relationship wd my fam,my friendships,my existence everything 
and i used to cry every single day but now that i've completely overcome my depression,i don't question things anymore, i-
i am just happy.Just happy.No explanation needed.I dont question anything,i dont think about random things deeply as well.But there is sth that i noticed now that i am happily living!I feel grateful about little things every single day
I went on a trip to hilly areas and on my way,i noticed the driver,he was safely driving nd was responsible for our lives,i felt grateful for that.The places i visited had no power supply,temp was -10,wd no insulation system,ppl were living in poverty,no education,no t.v,no internet,not even a nice place to live

so i felt extremely grateful for everything that i had
and u know what?? im wishing that maybe u will have a time like this too,when u will be really grateful for all the things u'll have and for all the things u did in the past (i.e making a yt channel etc) 

good luck my fren:)
im not ur friend but u are definitely my friend^_^
and im also grateful for that,
u are not aloof,its just that we all are too curious about u and we only had 10 minutes to chat wd u,so the questions came a bit syraightforwardly and rudely to u,Also we saw u but u didnt see us so it was obviously a reason u wouldnt open up to us

Also u wants to smile and talk cheerfully when they are studying??😂😂 studying already is depressing enough😁
